c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NuBank.WindowsPhone.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NuBank.WindowsPhone.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NuBank.xr.xml
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NuBank.exe
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NuBank.pdb
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NuBank.exe
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NuBank.pdb
C:\Users\Rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NuBank\NuBank\NuBank.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NuBank.WindowsPhone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
